December 4, 2022
Arizona State University 
Tempe, 85281
Dear Hiring Manager, 
I'm pursuing a Master of Science in Computer Science at Arizona State University's Ira A. Fulton School of Engineering. As a robust technophile and a passionate professional, I was elated to see your new opening for a  at  through the University's student employment site. Moreover, the ideal match between my experience and qualifications further strengthened my confidence in applying for this position. 
Academically, I have developed strong analytical, quantitative, and problem-solving skills through coursework in computer science. I have worked on various projects in domains such as Full stack development, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, DevOps, etc. I have been recognized several times for developing creative solutions during my career. With knowledge in programming languages such as Python, Java, JavaScript, C, HTML5, CSS3, and domains like BootStrap, material design, Node.js, AWS, NLP, Computer Vision, NoSQL, MySQL, React.js, ElasticSearch, JSON, Flutter, AngularJS, Docker, Single Page App(SPA), Tableau, REST APIs, FireBase, Linux Systems, DynamoDB, JIRA, and Git, I believe I will be able to fulfill the requirements needed for this job since the job is searching for expertise in full stack development and I worked as Full stack developer for two years. I enjoy working on projects that require me to learn beyond my comfort levels, such as learning new languages and frameworks. Additionally, while working as an Information System TA at W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University, I learned how to effectively manage numerous tasks simultaneously, finishing each job promptly with complete attention to detail approach to computer science coursework while stimulating their enjoyment and engagement. 
In addition, previous working experiences have polished my critical thinking and sense of responsibility, which better suit me for this position. I took up two internships during my undergraduate that gave me exposure to REST APIs, Parallel Programming with Java and GO Lang, and the profound use of Machine Learning. In addition, I have 3 research experiences as RA in the field of Deep Learning, Big Data, and Data Visualization. As a result of this, I have a total of 5 publications in renowned journals and conferences with high impact-factor. As a Software Engineer at Persistent Systems, I designed architecture and implemented both frontend and backend of websites for various products. Though I have a good grip on each layer of full-stack development, Machine Learning and data analytics are my other traits. I worked collectively on maintaining CI/CD operations for applications using Atlassian Bamboo and AWS deployments. In addition, I worked on SQL query optimization by abstracting the overall queries and batch insertion queries resulting in a 16% performance improvement in the application. The professional experience at Persistent Systems honed my ability to make good decisions, plan and organize my time, work well in a team, and develop good interpersonal and leadership skills. These traits would allow me to become a vital contributor to this job role. I would bring to any position first-rate communication skills – oral and written – a pleasant personality, and a commitment to learning quickly and applying knowledge effectively. My resume is attached with additional information about my education and experience. 
Please contact me at (929) 542-7892 or by email at rsheth9@asu.edu if you have any questions. Thank you very much for your time and consideration. I look forward to connecting with you.
Sincerely,
Rahul Ashwin Sheth
ASU ID: 1223964729
